Getting Started
===============

The CallFire API provides a robust interface to control functionality available through the regular web interface,
plus some controls which are not otherwise accessible.

This library provides a set of C# classes to interface with the
[CallFire API](http://www.callfire.com/api-documentation). Please refer to the
[API documentation](http://www.callfire.com/api-documentation) for information
on finding your API credentials.

There are two separate, but largely equivalent, endpoints by which you can
access the CallFire API. These are the REST and SOAP APIs. 

## The REST API

The REST API will be the primary API endpoint in our example documentation, but the 
examples are totally equivalents with the SOAP API.

### Very basic example

This example demonstrates how to instantiate the REST API client, create
a request object and then invoke a request.  

```c#
var client = new RestBroadcastClient("api-login", "api-password");

var cfQueryBroadcasts = new CfQueryBroadcasts();
var cfBroadcastQueryResult = Client.QueryBroadcasts(cfQueryBroadcasts);

foreach (var cfBroadcast in cfBroadcastQueryResult.Broadcast)
{
	// Do something with each cfBroadcast
}
```

Each request is codified into a request object (a sort of "criteria object").
Any parameters in the request object that are left null will not be specified to the API. 
Not all operations require a request object, some operations require only a resource identifier.

## The SOAP API

Also available is the SOAP interface to the API.

### Very Basic Example

This example is equivalent to the same example for the REST client, the only 
difference is this case is the API client initialization.  

```c#
var client = new SoapBroadcastClient("api-login", "api-password");

var cfQueryBroadcasts = new CfQueryBroadcasts();
var cfBroadcastQueryResult = Client.QueryBroadcasts(cfQueryBroadcasts);

foreach (var cfBroadcast in cfBroadcastQueryResult.Broadcast)
{
	// Do something with each cfBroadcast
}
```

